c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\App_Data\ISTest.mdf
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\App_Data\ISTest_log.ldf
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\InformationSystems.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\InformationSystems.Tests.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\InformationSystems.Tests.pdb
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\InformationSystems.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\InformationSystems.pdb
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\obj\Debug\InformationSystems.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\obj\Debug\InformationSystems.Tests.dll
c:\users\vishavp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InformationSystems\InformationSystems.Tests\obj\Debug\InformationSystems.Tests.pdb
